.TH SNOOZE 1 "April 2025" "CloudSnooze 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
snooze \- automatically stop idle cloud instances
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B snooze
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIARGS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B snooze
is a command-line interface for CloudSnooze, a tool for automatically stopping idle cloud instances to save costs. It allows you to monitor system metrics, configure thresholds, and manage the CloudSnooze daemon.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-config=\fIFILE\fR
Specify an alternative configuration file (default: /etc/snooze/snooze.json).
.TP
.BR \-\-socket=\fIPATH\fR
Specify an alternative Unix socket path (default: /var/run/snooze.sock).
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B status
Display the current system status, including metrics and daemon information.
.TP
.B config
View or modify configuration parameters.
.TP
.B history
View the history of instance snooze events.
.TP
.B start
Start the daemon.
.TP
.B stop
Stop the daemon.
.TP
.B restart
Restart the daemon.
.TP
.B enable
Enable automatic startup of the daemon.
.TP
.B disable
Disable automatic startup of the daemon.
.TP
.B simulate
Run a simulation based on specified metrics.
.TP
.B tags
Manage instance tags (AWS-specific).
.TP
.B logs
View and manage daemon logs.
.TP
.B help
Show help information for a specific command.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Show current status:
.B snooze status
.TP
Watch status with automatic refresh:
.B snooze status --watch --interval=5
.TP
List all configuration options:
.B snooze config list
.TP
Set CPU threshold to 15%:
.B snooze config set cpu-threshold 15.0
.TP
View last 20 snooze events:
.B snooze history --limit=20
.TP
Export snooze history to CSV:
.B snooze history --format=csv --output=history.csv
.TP
Test cloud provider permissions:
.B snooze test-permissions
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/snooze/snooze.json
Default configuration file.
.TP
.I /var/run/snooze.sock
Unix socket for daemon communication.
.TP
.I /var/log/cloudsnooze.log
Default log file location.
.TP
.I /var/lib/snooze/history.json
History file in basic mode.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR snoozed (8)
.SH AUTHOR
Your Name <your.email@example.com>
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at https://github.com/yourusername/cloudsnooze/issues